SPEAKER_00: By January 1986, the space shuttle had flown 24 times.
SPEAKER_00: Each flight reinforced one idea.
SPEAKER_00: The system worked.
SPEAKER_00: Across those flights, engineers documented O-ring damage.
SPEAKER_00: Erosion, blow-by, hot gas past seals designed to hold.
SPEAKER_00: Low-temperature flights all showed distress.
SPEAKER_00: But each flight survived, and the warning lost force.
SPEAKER_00: Danger became a known condition.
SPEAKER_00: A stop signal became a line item.
SPEAKER_00: The night before Challenger, engineers recommended against launch.
SPEAKER_00: The burden shifted.
SPEAKER_00: Instead of proving it safe to fly, they were asked to prove it was unsafe.
SPEAKER_00: On the coldest morning the program had ever faced, 73 seconds was all the physics needed.
SPEAKER_00: The warning was never missing.
SPEAKER_00: It had been made survivable for too long.
SPEAKER_00: Small causes, massive consequences.